What is Python?Python is one of the many programing language out there. Currently, Python is one of the most popular used programming language and fastest in growing amongst the other programming languages out there. By far it is very user friendly. Therefore, people from many different disciplines uses it for a number of different task.Programmers enjoy using Python because it is easy to understand and uses less text to run codes. In comparison to its counterparts, Python cuts down the development time because of its simple to read syntax and easy compilation feature which is one of its many attractive feathers. In turn, using Python makes Programmers more productive and their programs ultimately better. Python runs on Windows, Linux/Unix, Mac OS and has been ported to Java and .NET virtual machines. Python is free to use, even for the commercial products, because of its OSI-approved open source license. Python has evolved as the most preferred Language for Data Analytics and the increasing search trends on python also indicates that Python is the next "Big Thing" and a must for Professionals in the Data Analytics domain. Explain Data Python Data TypesThere are about 4 commonly used data types in Python: Integer, Float, String, and Boolean. Firstly, integer are zero, positive, or negative whole numbers without a fractional part and there is no limit to how long the value can be. For example, if you type [print(10)], the result would be [10]. That number represent the integer. Next, there is the Float. The float  type in Python represent whole number with the decimal point. An example, [print(10.01)], the result would be [10.01] which is an example of how the Float data type displays. Following the Float there is the String data type. String literals may be delimited using either single or double quotes. All the characters between the opening delimiter and matching closing delimiter are part of the string; for example, [print(“Hello World”)] and [Hello World] appears. A string can contain as many characters as the programmer wishes to use without limitation. Next there is the Boolean type. The Boolean type represent the truth value of an expression and only has two value “True” or “False”. What is function?Functions are commands of a block of codes that execute specific actions in the Python operating system. Python comes with built-in functions but a programmer can create their own function with a specific name for conduct whatever actions they chose, the sky is the limit. Function blocks begin with the keyword def followed by the function name and parentheses ( ( ) ). Defining a function only gives it a name, specifies the parameters, and structures the blocks of code. Once the basic structure of a function is finalize the programmer can execute it no different from the other functions in Python.Print Statements Print function prints the whatever message typed in [print()] to the screen, or other basic output device. Whatever is written in the parentheses becomes the message the is displayed and that message can be in a string or other object. The object will be converted into a string before written to the screen. And thus, that is the Print statement.